Emily, are you in here?
Emily! Emily!
Daddy.
No, Mommy!
What have you done
with my daughter?
Come on, sweetie.
Come on in
and see your new home.
It's a lot bigger
than it looks in the pictures.
This is where I grew up.
What's that?
Oh. That's a lift.
It's like an elevator.
We had it put in for Grandma.
It helped her
get up and down the stairs.
Does it still work?
No, I don't think so.
Who's that?
That's Grandma.
- Is that you, Mommy?
- Yeah.
That was right before
I met your dad.
Come on.
This is the room I had
when I was a little girl.
I like it.
Is Daddy gonna
come live with us?
No, sweetie.
But he's gonna come
visit you this weekend. Okay?
Okay.
Listen, I know this past year
has been really hard for you.
But it's a new chapter
and everything is going
to be better now. Okay?
Okay.
- You trust me?
- I trust you, Mom.
Okay, good.
All right, you stay here, okay?
I'll be back.
Okay.
Oh...
Hey, Annie, how are you doing?
Sheriff, why am I here?
Because your daughter's missing.
Yeah, so I should be back home
trying to find her.
Why aren't you helping me?
Because your ex-husband, Paul,
seems to think that
you might have
tried to hurt or kill her.
You must be out of your mind.
I would never hurt my child.
That's what
your ex-husband thought too,
right up until you shot him.
- Daddy!
- Hey.
How's my little girl? Hmm?
I missed you, Daddy.
Oh, I missed you,
too, sweetie.
Here. Look what I bought you.
Thank you.
Yeah, well, seeing as
you're a little farm girl now. Huh?
I thought you were
coming this weekend?
Yeah, well, uh...
I wanted to see
how you were getting on.
You know you can call?
Yeah, all right.
Next time I will.
Can I come in?
Yeah, of course.
Here you go, go on.
Okay.
Go play with your cow.
It's been awhile
since I've been in here.
Yeah.
Your mother never really
was my greatest fan.
Do you blame her?
So, how's it feel, being home?
Yeah, I think
it's going to be good.
A little weird,
but it's a new start.
Well, you know what people say
about moving home.
I hope that's wrong for you.
You, uh, get a job yet?
I'm gonna start
looking this week
when we are settled.
You will get one soon enough.
Oh!
Are you gonna
stay with us?
No, sweetie.
I have to go to work.
But, uh, I'll be back
this weekend. Okay?
- Okay.
- Until then,
you take good care
of this cow for me, okay?
Okay, I will.
I love you.
Look, uh...
I'm sorry
you're back here again.
No, you're not.
It wasn't my fault.
You were cheating on me
while my mother was dying.
You were having
a nervous breakdown.
Is that an excuse?
Look...
I don't want to
bring this up again. Okay?
I'm better now,
and Emily and I are moving on.
Okay.
I'll see you later.
When I was a little girl,
we used to play
flashlight tag in these fields.
You ready?
Yep.
- You're it!
- Hey! No fair.
Gotcha!
Man!
Tag! You're it.
You got me.
All right, Emily,
turn your light off.
Emily!
Emily, turn it off!
Emily?
Oh, no.
Emily!
Emily, where are you?
Oh, my God!
Emily, stay right there.
I'm coming.
Emily!
So the doors were open
when you came down?
Yeah.
- Sure they were locked?
- Yeah, I'm, I'm pretty sure.
Okay.
- Is anything missing?
- No, n-nothing's missing.
Everything looks secure to me.
What about the doors?
The kitchen doors,
were they locked?
They were locked, too.
Okay.
Did your daughter
remember anything?
No.
Okay, well...
I don't know what else to say.
What about the lights
in the field?
It's probably just some kids.
- So you just moved in?
- Yeah, a couple of days ago.
- And what's your name?
- Her name is Emily.
You know, I have
a little girl named Maggie.
Look.
My daughter ended up on the roof
of the house last night.
And those were not kids
in the field.
Do you remember how you got
on the roof last night, sweetie?
It was nice to meet you, Emily.
Go on, sweetie.
Listen, you don't have to worry.
Call me if you
remember anything.
We're here to help.
Thanks, Sheriff.
What are you doing, Mommy?
I'm looking to see if there is
anything in the field.
Why?
Because I saw lights again
last night.
And there's scratching
inside the house.
Anything there?
No.
Come on.
- Let's go back inside.
- Okay.
Come on.
I'm not talking
about lizard people
or an alien invasion.
I'm talking about an indigenous
human-like race
living invisibly among us.
What we're looking at here is some kind of lizard competitor
that we drove into hiding,
and you are not alone.
Contact me and tell me
what you've seen.
Let me help.
If you've seen
something like this,
if you've encountered
or just felt its presence,
you are not insane.
We drove them
to hiding a millennia ago,
and it's evolved,
evolved to not only
live secretly among us,
but to prey directly upon us.
Think about it. We live in a planet
where every other species
has a hundred variations.
And yet we...
What's happening, Mommy?
- You stay here, okay?
- Okay.
Emily, go up to your room
and lock the door.
And don't open it
until I say so.
- But, Mom...
- Do it!
Hey!
I'm gonna call the police
right now if you don't leave.
Oh, no.
Emily, open the door!
Emily!
What's wrong, Mommy?
Was there anyone
in here with you?
No, Mommy.
Come here.
- What's happening?
- I don't know.
- So it was right after midnight?
- Yeah.
- Could you make out anyone?
- No, it was way too dark.
So you're about here,
you turned...
And I saw someone staring at me
from my bedroom window, yes.
And then they made their way
towards Emily's room.
Did Emily see it?
No.
Look, I'm not
making anything up, okay?
I know what I saw.
I believe you.
Do you?
Just so you know,
I'm here to help you.
You keep saying that,
but I don't feel safe
in my house right now.
Don't worry.
We're gonna figure this out.
Okay.
Hey, Sheriff. How's it going?
Good. And yourself?
Good, yeah.
Is, uh... Is there a problem?
Maybe you should talk to Annie.
I'll see ya.
Okay. Thanks.
Come on, Annie.
Ever since
you moved into that house,
you've been
trying to tell me that
something's after you
and your daughter.
You gonna take that back now,
or do you still believe it?
I still believe
there is something after us.
You know what I think?
I think that "something"
doesn't exist.
Never did.
Emily lived in that house, too
and she said
she'd never seen anything
like what you described.
I didn't do anything to her.
- Don't look at me like that.
- Then tell me what's going on.
There's scratching in the walls.
It's probably just an animal.
I mean,
you live in the country now.
It's not an animal.
It sounds like there is someone
in between the walls.
I saw lights in the field
so I went to check on them.
I turned around
and there was someone
staring at me from my room.
Are you having
another nervous breakdown?
- Never mind.
- I'm serious.
You are acting just like
your mother did before she...
Hung herself?
Yeah.
Well, I'm nothing
like my mother.
You know, it's hard to put your mom
in a state hospital.
And then find out that
you may have been responsible
for her death.
Look, I...
I didn't mean it like that.
All right?
She may have
been right all along.
I knew you moving back
into this house was a bad idea.
Well, this is all I have.
Mommy.
Oh, my God.
Sweetie, look at you.
Paper towels.
It's okay. We're going to
get this cleaned up. Okay?
All right?
Here we go. All right.
It'll be all good.
I'll be back tomorrow
to check up on you, all right?
- Okay.
I'm going to the office.
If something happens,
you call me. All right?
I will.
I don't think Emily should be
living with you anymore.
- We're fine.
- You're not fine, Annie.
What are you gonna do?
Are you gonna
take her away from me?
What's that, Mommy?
It's a monitor.
So I can
watch you sleep at night.
Why was Daddy mad?
Because Daddy doesn't
believe me sometimes.
I believe you.
Thank you, sweetie.
Come on. Time for bed.
Mommy, can I sleep with you?
Of course you can, sweetie.
Come on.
Emily!
Hello.
Hi. My name is Annie Knox
and my daughter is missing.
This is the Sheriff Dickerson
on the way out
to the Knox residence.
Oh, shit!
Oh, my God.
Hey.
Hey. Are you okay?
What are you doing
out here, sweetie?
I'll take you home.
Come in here with me.
Okay, okay.
Okay, Emily, let's get you home.
Please don't take me home.
Oh, sweetie.
Oh, my God! Look at your nose.
Are you okay?
Can you tell me
how you got out the house?
- No, Mommy.
- Oh, sweetie.
She came out of the field
and I almost hit her.
Well, thank you, Sheriff,
very much for bringing her back.
Come on, sweetie.
I am gonna have to ask you
a couple questions.
Why is her nose all bloody?
She had a bloody nose
earlier today.
I think she is getting sick,
but I'm taking her
to the doctors tomorrow.
How did she
get out of the house?
I don't know.
The doors were locked.
Emily, do you remember?
I'm gonna have to report this
to child services.
I didn't do anything
to my daughter
if that's what
you're insinuating.
Your daughter said
she didn't want to come home.
Why would she say that?
We just moved in.
And I just got a divorce.
There is a lot of change
and a lot for her to process.
She will be fine.
Now, can I
go back inside, please,
and take care of my daughter?
I'll talk to you later.
Why did you buy two shotguns
and a .38 last week?
- For home protection.
- Protection against what?
Is it wrong to own guns?
We found one shotgun.
What happened to the other shotgun
and the .38?
I don't know.
What were you shooting at
inside your house?
No, Mommy.
Emily!
Something took my daughter.
It was not human.
She is still in that house
and I'm going home to find her.
No, sweetie.
You ain't going nowhere.
I'm transferring you
to Richmond. You leave tonight.
Come on.
You're wasting time.
She's already gone.
Stop it with the lies.
Everyone knows you did it.
You must have buried her
somewhere special.
They'll find your daughter
and when they do...
Do you know what they do
to child murderers in Mississippi?
The best thing you can do is
tell us where she's at.
I told you what happened.
I hope a creature doesn't
get you on the way there.
Shit! I can't see anything.
You're the one
who killed her kid.
Hey, I'm talking to you.
Shut the fuck up!
Holy shit, look out!
Aah!
Shit.
- So that's it?
- Yup.
- When did it happen?
- Sometime in the night.
They must've lost the road
in the storm.
Came down the embankment.
It happens.
How many bodies
did you find?
Two, in the van.
Everyone else in back
got thrown out.
Thrown out?
Yeah. The back doors
are blown open.
I don't know, Sheriff.
There's a lot of ground
to cover,
but I'm sure
the bodies will turn up
somewhere down river.
Well, let's get a move on.
Yup.
See, I told you
we'd find one downstream.
Is that...
Is that Annie Knox?
Yeah, definitely ain't Knox.
If she was dead,
we probably should have
found her body by now.
Well, she's drowned for sure.
Yeah? You keep looking.
Hey! Hey!
Let's see your ear.
Yeah.
Good.
That's getting better, huh?
There's no trespassing.
I'm not trespassing.
My name is Annie Knox.
I know who you are, Ms. Knox.
Are you gonna tell me
what is it you want?
Something took my daughter...
and I want you to help me
get her back.
Well, then,
you better come inside.
Please take a seat.
I've been following your case.
I must admit I'm fascinated.
- How did you find me?
- The Internet.
That is not good.
They're gonna know
you are alive now.
Which means they're gonna
follow you straight to me.
You... You understand
that they are watching us
all the time.
I need your help.
- Did you see it?
- Yes.
Really?
I was sure they existed.
No one would listen,
but you know it's out there.
Tell me what you saw.
I couldn't see much
because of the light.
This blinding light
coming from its eye.
No face just... Just light.
It's Dark Light.
This is a bad sketch,
but did it look like this?
Look like this, look like this.
Dark Light.
Bad sketch.
Did it look something like this?
Like this?
Ms. Knox?
Hey.
How long have you
had the nose bleeds?
They just started.
I don't think we have much time.
Is this what took your daughter?
Yes.
It's a form of Humanoid
thought to be extinct.
They mostly target children.
- Why?
- Food.
They consume energy.
A child's energy is the purest
they can use.
They harvest
their "inner light,"
and they need that inner light
for their species to survive.
Eight hundred thousand children
disappear every year.
That's 2,000 a day.
So how do we kill it...
and get Emily back?
I don't know.
I need to see it for myself.
Your daughter should be
somewhere near your house.
There must be a...
a way up to the surface there
that they're sneaking through.
Come with me.
Help me.
If you really want to kill it...
there's something
I need to show you first.
Okay.
Hey.
- I just wanted to say I'm sorry.
- Sorry about what?
Sorry about your daughter.
Hey! Let me out!
How can I let you kill it?
My whole life,
I have been searching for it,
and now, I have actual proof
I can show the world
and they will understand.
Thank you.
Walter!
Come back!
Oh, my God.
Where?
Hey.
What'd you find?
Sheriff, you are not
gonna believe this.
Now, we've been together
a long time.
Yeah.
I've never seen nothin'
like this before.
It's just up ahead.
Holy shit.
When did you find him?
About 20 minutes ago.
- Was it some kind of animal?
- No, I don't think so.
Who is he?
His name is Walter Sims.
He's a conspiracy theorist.
- Same guy from Knox's computer?
- Yeah, that's right.
Found his car smashed
in the woods over there.
Seems like he was running
from something.
You got an address?
Fuck.
Hey.
Hey, check that out.
Oh, this is one paranoid dude.
Sheriff, it's locked.
Yeah.
It's locked.
Stupid.
This guy is crazier
than my ex-wife, Sharon.
Nobody's crazier than Sharon.
Well, hey, Sheriff?
You believe in Bigfoot?
You know, my cousin, Terry,
saw one of them Big Feets
down at the Lake of the Ozarks.
Came right out of the woods,
ate up one of her chickens.
- You know, there-there's a whole...
- Shh!
Check it out.
Jesus.
Hey, Sheriff.
You better come check this out.
Be right there.
You are not gonna believe this.
Who is it?
Just wait
till she takes off the hood.
Is that Annie Knox?
Yeah. It sure
looks like her, Sheriff.
Where was Walter's car
parked again?
Paul?
Oh, fuck!
Paul, is that you?
Put the gun down.
Don't do anything stupid, Annie.
Sheriff, you don't understand.
Put the gun down
or I will shoot you.
Drop it, Annie.
I'm not going to ask you again.
Okay.
Oh, my God.
What the fuck?
Where are you?
Oh, my God.
Paul.
Paul!
Are you okay? What happened?
I don't remember.
I was in the elevator
and there was a bright light.
Where are we?
We're under the house.
Can you walk?
- Yeah.
- Okay. Come on.
Is Emily down here?
Yeah.
- Did you hear that?
- Yeah.
Come on.
Careful, Paul.
Let's go.
What's it doing?
It's sucking the energy
from her.
I'm so sorry
I didn't believe you.
Tell Emily I love her.
Emily.
Emily. Come on,
wake up, it's Mom.
Shit.
Emily.
Honey.
Oh, my God.
Oh, God.
Emily!
Emily, come on, wake up!
Oh.
Emily.
I knew you would
come for me, Mommy.
Of course I'd come back for you.
Come on.
We gotta be quick.
Here, honey.
Upstairs, okay?
- Annie?
- Paul?
Daddy!
No!
Emily, run!
Come on.
Go stand by the door.
Go on, honey, it's time.
Careful.
Cover your eyes.
Emily, run!
No, Mommy,
I'm not leaving without you!
Emily, go!
Go! Go! I promise I'm coming.
Come here.
Is it dead, Mommy?
Yeah, sweetie, it's dead.